What do you do if you hurt your back?
Well, sorry to hear that. Hope it's not
serious. If it is, doctor time. But if
it just hurts, you can walk. It's mostly
just like annoying. I got you. Dissect
every range of motion possible. Find an
exercise for each range of motion
possible and do it for 50 plus reps.
Examples would be seated twist. Go slow
and of course both ways. Side bends and
again go slow and go both ways.
And cat cow. Yes, go slow. Remember,
this isn't like Coachella or something.
If a particular range hurts, don't avoid
it completely. Just poke into it ever so
slightly.
It should take around 5 minutes. If you
do the full 50 reps for each exercise
when it starts to feel less painful over
time, that's when you upgrade and start
to add weight. Something like this for
twisting. Gravity adds the weight for
you. And for the side bending, yet
again, we're using gravity to our
advantage. Back extension like this.
Flexion like this. Feel free to do it
all at 2:00 a.m. Just kidding.
Prioritize sleep. The spirit of a man
will sustain him in weakness, but who
can bear a broken spirit? It's not just
your back that needs rest. It is your
spirit. So, whoa. Learn to rest. It's
important. Also, I have a free spinal
flexibility ebook if you'd rather follow
that. Go easy and stay flexy.